This document is a guide for reviewers to inspect deployment information.
The main function is to ensure the deployment is correct.

## Requirements
Install and configure necessary software.

* Compile or download ckb-cli
https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb-cli  Use version: 1.15.0 or above

* Configure ckb-cli
Before signing, please configure ckb-cli to use the correct mainnet. You can use the following commands:
 ```
 $ ckb-cli
 CKB > config --url https://mainnet.ckb.dev
 info[  ckb-cli version ]: 1.15.0 (8c892a5 2025-06-06)
 [              url ]: https://mainnet.ckb.dev (network: Mainnet, #17314192
 ```
This step is very important, otherwise subsequent signing will fail. This setting takes effect immediately, no need to sync blocks or wait.

* Install [jq](https://jqlang.org/)


## How to upgrade
It is locked by 3-of-5 [multisig V2](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb-system-scripts/pull/99) with following people:

| # | Contact Information | CKB Address |
|---|-------|-------------|
| 1 | ckbfansdao@gmail.com  | ckb1qzda0cr08m85hc8jlnfp3zer7xulejywt49kt2rr0vthywaa50xwsqw8de42zmzke825da7qqw7h7gffklhycfqauadzm
| 2 | rink1969@gmail.com    | ckb1qzda0cr08m85hc8jlnfp3zer7xulejywt49kt2rr0vthywaa50xwsqt4q36wdxa34k89g5snyw694jy0nxht8yshfyw55
| 3 | hanssen0@hanssen0.com | ckb1qzda0cr08m85hc8jlnfp3zer7xulejywt49kt2rr0vthywaa50xwsq2hvk2yvt998w799ra8t73gunvrjrlw4agv2t7np
| 4 | quake.wang@gmail.com  | ckb1qzda0cr08m85hc8jlnfp3zer7xulejywt49kt2rr0vthywaa50xwsq2u7q5rqr3nam68g2wfel9365l855m7fcg58j52a
| 5 |lynndon@gmail.com      | ckb1qzda0cr08m85hc8jlnfp3zer7xulejywt49kt2rr0vthywaa50xwsqv8rhlzfvjl22jhg6j7046x9a6xph3vvwq2luq73

Any one can reach these people by contact information to verify the CKB address. The contact information can be:

- email
- GitHub account
- X (Twitter) account
- Discord account
- Well-known nickname in the CKB community


## Process

Reviewers should inspect `info.json` to ensure it contains the correct configuration. There are 3 key aspects to verify:

1. The cell data contains the correct binary generated by a reproducible build. 
   Note that the content of `checksums.txt` has already been verified through reproducible build and can be independently verified using `scripts/reproducible_build_docker`.

2. The corresponding lock script uses multisig with the correct arguments. This is the most critical aspect.
   - check address of reviewer is correct
   - check configuration of multisig is correct (e.g. m-of-n)
   - check code_hash and hash_type is correct
   
3. The corresponding type script uses Type ID.

To simplify these verification steps, a [bash script](./verify.sh) is provided. 
Reviewers can follow the steps described in the script to verify the configuration above. 

